Do they ever keep on calling?
Calling through the storm and rain.
Watching, praying, waiting.
Tell my Savior, come again.
I am waiting, Lord, trusting in thy way.
Keep me from the past of sin.
Hide me in the blood, write my name above.
When that gate sprang open, let me in.
Pray keeps me feeling the service.
It helps me on every hand.
I've had many a triumph.
Someday I'll understand.
I am coming, Lord, trust in her in thy ways.
Keep me from the past of sin.
I'll be in the blood and write my name above.
But when that gate swings open,
Let me in.
Teach me how to love my neighbor.
Teach me how to treat my friends.
Fill me with the Holy Spirit.
Keep me humble to the end.
I'm the Lord.
I'm crushed in thy way.
Just keep me from the past of sin.
Hide me in the blood and write my name above.
When that gate swing open, let me in.
I'm tired of this load of carrying.
I'm tired of this sinful world.
The angels in the kingdom begging.
I'm coming, Lord, trusting in thy way to keep me from the past of them.
I'm in the blood.